Add logging to Splunk for My Account URL and general errors (#102)
vtex-apps/my-account: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Log in Splunk if URL that points to My Account is `/account/orders`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log on Splunk if the URL that points to My Account is `/account/orders`.
```

> - Log if some error occurs, as a way of creating some deployment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log whenever some error occurs so we can create some deployment analysis process.
```
